print(""" Starting Computer Components Notes 

-TERMS- 

1) Hardware Layer 
2) Operating System 
3) Software Layer 
4) User 
5) IPO
6) Parts of a Computer

""")

answer = "empty"

while (answer == "empty"):
  userchoice = input()
  answer = "chosen"

if (userchoice == "1"):
  print("Made up of the physical components of a computer.")
elif (userchoice == "2"):
  print("allows hardware to communicate with the system.")
elif (userchoice == "3"):
  print("How we as humnas interact with our computer")
elif (userchoice == "4"):
  print("User interacts with the computer.")
elif (userchoice == "5"):
  print("""
    Input: A requirement from the environment. 
    Process: A computation based on the requirement. 
    Output: A provision for the environment.""")
elif (userchoice == "6"):
  print("""
- Power Supply: A power supply powers all other components of the machine. The power supply is usually plugged into the motherboard. 
- A motherboard: A motherboard is what everything else connects to. In other words it allows the others components to communicate. Additionally a motherboard has ports that allows charging the computer, plugging a monitor, or connect a mouse
- A Central Processing Unit (CPU): A CPU can be reffered to as the computers brain or the workhorse. A CPU is incharge of perfoming needed calculations by a system. The work that a CPU does generates heat and thats why computers have a fan inside. Editing high-defenition video or prohramming require a more powerful CPU.
- Random Access Memory (RAM):Random-access memory is a form of computer memory that can be read and changed in any order, typically used to store working data and machine code
- Hard Disk Drive (HDD):stores data permanently. These drive are slow so they are starting to be replaced with a faster Solid State Drive (SSD).
- Heatsink: Transfers the heat generated by an electronic or mechanical device to a fluid medium, orfet air or a liquid coolant. 
- Thermal Paste: Conductive chemical compound, which is commonly used as an interface between heat sinks and heat sources such as high-power semiconductor devices. The main role of thermal paste is to eliminate air gaps or spaces from the interface area in order to maximize heat transfer and dissipation.
- Computer Case: A computer case, also known as a computer chassis, is the enclosure that contains most of the hardware of a personal computer. The components housed inside the case are referred as the internal hardware, while hardware outside the case are known as peripherals.
- Video Card: Also called graphics card, integrated circuit that generates the video signal sent to a computer display. The card is usually located on the computer motherboard or is a separate circuit board but is sometimes built into the computer display unit.
- I/O Shield: Keeps electro-magnetic radiation inside of the case. Aids in keeping the dust out of the case and in controlling air flow. 
     """)
